# DBMS-PART3
DBMS-Project-Part-3 The people who contributed on this project are Talha Ali, and Ibrahim Adegunlola,

Talha Ali Contributions: under the src folder, all the java components were created and implemented by me(DAO, Helper, Model, Servlets). The java files were reworked and restarted from scratch due to errors in part two from faulty mac operating system, Talha switched to his PC windows system which cleared any errors with MYSQL Workbench and Java build paths he was having. Once the java was done Ibrahim helped peer review and fix the errors in Talhas code.
Ibrahim Adegunlola Contributions: under the src folder, all the webapp compoenents were the sole responsibility of me(every .jsp file). Talha did help me understand his java and I worked with him collabaritively while trying to make sure the tables and database querys were correct, but I took on the role of implementing his functionalities in the .jsp files!

Total Time Worked On Project Together: 23 hours over the span of 2-3 weeks

Instructions to install the database folder on your eclipse and run the web app:

Download the zip of the Davi_Somith_App folder and extract the folder, and place it in your eclipse-workspace directory(should be in your program files under users) Go into eclipse make sure you have apache tomcat installed if not heres a quick and easy guide(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3FW_ihCNWo&ab_channel=CSCORNERSunitaRai) Go to FILE once your in eclipse and press IMPORT, than click on the down arrow of GENERAL and press PROJECTS FROM FOLDER OR ARCHIVE You should see a DIRECTIORY option, click that and navigate to where you placed your database(Step 1, it should be in your eclipse worksapce) Press finish, and than if you see a RED X next the panel where it says database right click on the folder Click PROPERTIES, and find where it says PROJECT FACETS Look for the JAVA compoenent and make sure your JAVA IS VERSION 20 Once theres no more red x, go to the logjn.jsp file under WebContent and right click You should see the option RUN AS, and if your apache tomcat is installed correctly you can navigate through the server configuration and press FINISH The end result should be a pop up web app with login, registration, and root user adminsitration features to initialize the database! I have also provided my SQL schema which you can copy and paste into your own MYSQLWORKBENCH Database, the connectionProvider.java file will be where you need to distinguish the data base connection in eclipse. The SQL schema I provided has all the tables and inserts I used in my video. Try the pre existing email and pass logins from the SQL tables for users when your trying to login as a user, and use the SQL Tables email and pass from users2 when trying to login as david smith!
